Finishing up ICoredebug module4 and process11 (#31068)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/debugging/debugging-interfaces.md

 Logically extends the [ICorDebugProcess](icordebugprocess-interface.md) interface to enable or disable certain types of [ICorDebugManagedCallback2](icordebugmanagedcallback2-interface.md) exception callbacks.  

 [ICorDebugProcess11 Interface](icordebugprocess11-interface.md)\

>  Provides a method that enumerates ranges of native memory that are used by the .NET runtime to store internal data structures that describe .NET types and methods. It is the same information that would be shown running the SOS "eeheap -loader" command.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Provides a method that enumerates ranges of native memory that are used by the .NET runtime to store internal data structures that describe .NET types and methods. The information returned is the same that would be shown by using the SOS `eeheap -loader` command.  
```
